tidb-cloud: add description for Starter agent plan (#22877)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/architecture-concepts.md

The Starter plan is ideal for those who are getting started with TiDB Cloud. It provides developers and small teams with the following features:

> - **No cost**: This plan is completely free within the [free quota](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-starter-pricing-details/). No credit card is required to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **No cost**: This plan is free when usage is within the [free quota](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-starter-pricing-details/). No credit card is required to get started.

```
